Turn your life around so that seasons of refreshing may come from Jehovah himself.
Those words changed my life and they saved the life of my little girl.
I was raised in a witness family but I chose a dark underworld of practically everything that
Jehovah hates. After about 15 years, although financially secure, I was confronted with the
failure that my life had become. I was trying to raise a child while addicted to drugs.
I just didn't want to live like that anymore and I wanted to be a good mother.
So for the first time in years, I prayed to Jehovah.
The knock came on my door the very next day. I began studying with a vengeance. I had 15 years to catch
up on. I had a lot of help. I progressively changed my lifestyle. I changed my associates and I conquered
my addictions. I slowly began to overcome feelings of worthlessness.
So none of these changes were easy to make but it made me feel clean and happy knowing that Jehovah was
pleased. My burning desire at that point really was to begin sharing with other people what I was
learning. But I didn't qualify to engage in the public ministry because I was still living with
my boyfriend at the time and he didn't understand some of the changes I was making.
I was determined to turn my life around and overcome this last hurdle that was preventing me from
serving Jehovah fully. Two weeks later, I found out I was pregnant. I was devastated. I didn't know
what all those people who had helped me what they would think and how Jehovah felt about what was
happening. I was so ashamed. I actually blamed Jehovah for letting it happen. I was so confused.
My first inclination was just to get an abortion but deep down I knew that was wrong. I thought now
everyone would know that I'm still the worthless person that I always knew I was. At that point,
I just felt like giving up. I told my aunt and uncle Jehovah's Witnesses about my situation.
They didn't judge me at all but they did offer a curious suggestion. They invited me up to
Bethel for a visit. They introduced me to an elder who was very kind and I talked to him about my
situation. I was shocked by how loving he was so he shared with me Acts 319. Repent
therefore and turn around so as to get your sins blotted out at seasons of refreshing may come from
the person of Jehovah. Well, he told me I had already sinned but why should I sin a second time?
Why should this innocent child pay for what I had done wrong? He suggested I teach my baby about
Jehovah and raise the child up to know him and have a friendship with him. I loved that he took
something that was sad and depressing for me and turned it into something beautiful.
Well, I had a new plan now. I was really determined to do everything I had to do to turn my life
around in order to please Jehovah. So eventually I qualified to become an unbaptized publisher
and later I was baptized in 2010. I gave birth to a healthy baby girl. I already dedicated my life
to Jehovah so two of my goals are to get baptized and pioneer. I'm as determined as ever to raise
Julie up to love Jehovah and to avoid the traps that almost cost us our lives.